hi I'm Abbi and I'm Ana and this is our
first video on two sons 10:25 will be
showing three sons you can give your
bored at home you can do with only two
people I mean you could do it with more
than that but if you link two people
around
these are some cool stunts you can do if
you're bored here's the first slide
pretty easy yes
so you're gonna sit like this with your
thighs kind of open oh so that other
person is gonna step onto the thighs but
buzzing her feet and shoulder bone feet
distance apart I'm gonna stick my head
in here she's gonna do for you a cup of
tea here one second I'm gonna she's
gonna make sure you have enough space to
do a forward roll so stay here
okay now go right here
now here the pork roll like that
okay our second Stein is pretty cool
I'll add this is my favorite one
so what you do you're going to make sure
you're sitting like here make sure
you're sitting with your knees up like
that and then you're gonna bend down and
let's make sure you have a small person
going and then she will hold my knees a
little bit higher and I was leaned down
and press on her knees and do really
cool like figure while she lifts me up
here we go see you Pete snaps whoa okay
okay
now the last one is pretty hard it took
us a while to it yeah this is where
you're gonna be oh yeah um well try to
do it right this time and though what
Anna's gonna do she's going to be doing
handstand
I'm gonna lift your feet up here we'll
show you okay make sure you catch the
feet because they might not might not
leaving soon sure that you're going to
catch the feet like this come around and
you're gonna
gonna end up like but but like that so
now this is what you do you put one leg
down and then the other like carefully
and then she's gonna do a back bend down
okay now you need good grip on the leg
yeah my favorite I go oh go go
and then she's gonna kick over Matt
really take over but yeah just get the
idea yeah thanks for watching we'll
upload more videos soon of tumbling high